Young Master
Now that last one is kind of cheesy.
I hope you don't dislike it, young master.
The World Bank's unique Gold Card
Unlimited value
Infinite
Yes young master
As long as you have this gold card
No matter how much money you need
Can be directly withdrawn from the World Bank
It's not tacky
I like it that's good that's good
Then young master, I'll find you a safe
Pack all these gifts
Don't be so troublesome.
Just get a plastic bag
No one can take anything from me
Plastic bags, right?
Just take a plastic bag and put it in it.
Is it also packing?
It's all the same.
As expected of the young master
refined behavior
You don't even care about such a precious treasure
Oh, I'll prepare a plastic bag for you.
Young Master Zhang Qingfeng, you are so brave
The young master asked you to kneel at the door
How dare you disobey orders!
Manager Zhou, I beg you
Just give me a minute.
Just one minute.
Let me have a word with the young master
What are you?
What right do you have?
You go out first
Let me see what he has to say to me.
Is the young master
Let's go
You have one minute.
What do you want to say?
Yuyang, didn't you want to sleep with me before?
Now I can let you sleep with me